Interest is paid for the actual period with the bank.


No interest for Domestic/NRO withdrawals within 7 days.


No interest for NRE withdrawals within 1 year.


Penalties for premature withdrawal as specified.


FD interest rates are subject to change without prior notice.


The revised interest rates will apply to new as well as renewed FDs.


FD interest payouts will be subject to Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) as per Income Tax Laws.


If you change your account from Non-Resident to Resident, the Resident Deposit interest rates will be applicable.


NRE rates are only for tenure of 1 year or more.


Senior Citizens Fixed Deposit (FD) interest rates only apply for Domestic Fixed Deposits.


The rules below apply as per the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines in addition to the regular FD rules T&C. In case of a conflict, these terms shall prevail.


FDs offer assured returns which ensure stable financial growth.


Senior citizens earn an additional 0.50% interest on Fixed Deposits, helping them maximise their returns.


You can opt for flexible payout options – choose from monthly, quarterly, annual or cumulative payouts.


The tenure of a Fixed Deposit can be selected as per your preference, ranging from 7 days to 10 years.


FDs offer assured returns which ensure stable financial growth.


Senior citizens earn an additional 0.50% interest on Fixed Deposits, helping them maximise their returns.


You can opt for flexible payout options – choose from monthly, quarterly, annual or cumulative payouts.


The tenure of a Fixed Deposit can be selected as per your preference, ranging from 7 days to 10 years.


In case of premature withdrawal, interest on the deposit shall be paid for the period that it has remained with the bank at the rate that prevailed at the time of booking for the actual tenure of the Term Deposit and not at the contracted rate and post deduction of applicable penalty.


No interest if you withdraw the entire deposit amount within 7 days from the date of deposit for Domestic and NRO FDs.


No interest if you withdraw NRE FDs within 1 year from the date of the deposit.


Penalties for premature withdrawal are applicable as mentioned below.


Closure Policy: FDs cannot be closed before maturity, except in special cases.


Interest Terms: If closure is allowed, no interest will be paid and credited interest will be deducted.


ODFD Facilities: Not available for non-withdrawable Deposits.


Rate Changes: Interest rates and minimum deposit amounts may change without notice.


Auto-Renewal: Not available.


NRO FD Duration: Minimum 3 months, maximum 10 years. Cumulative NRO FDs without withdrawal option: minimum 6 months.


NRE FD Duration: Minimum 1 year.


How to Open: Contact your Relationship Manager or visit any branch.

